 # 1. Variables in C
In C, variables must be a specified data type and they need format specifiers to be printed.

## 1.1. Basic Data Types
|Data Type| Size	| Description|
|---------|---------|------------|
|int	|2 or 4 bytes|	stores whole numbers|
|float	|4 bytes	|stores fractional numbers up to 7 decimal digits|
|double	|8 bytes|	stores fractional numbers up to 15 decimal digits|
|char	|1 byte|	a single character / letter / number / ASCII value|
|long|	8 bytes|	stores whole numbers, can go higher than int|
|bool|	2 bytes|	stores 'true' or 'false' values|

## 1.2. Basic Format Specifiers 

|Format Specifier |	Data Type |
|------------------|----------|
|%d or %i|	int |
|%f|	float|
|%1f	|double|
|%c|	char|
|%s|	strings|

## 1.3. Operators

'+' for addition
'-' for substraction
'*' for multiplication
'/' for division
'%' for remainder

## 1.4. Syntactic Sugar

C also supports syntactic sugar, or shorthand expressions for the same functionality. We could equivalently say `counter += 1;` to add one to counter before storing it again. We could also just write `counter++` or `counter--.`

# 2. Variables in Python
In Python, variables don't need a specified data type or a format specifier to pe printed. A variable is created when first assigning a value to it.

## 2.1. Basic Data Types

|Data Type|	Size	|Description|
|---------|---------|-----------|
|int	|28 bytes |	stores whole numbers |
|float	|24 bytes |	stores fractional numbers|
|bool|	28 bytes|	stores 'True' or 'False' values|
|string|	49 bytes|	+1 byte for each character|

# 2.2. Other Data Types

Besides the previously mentioned data types, Python also has as built-in types:

* complex - numeric type that returns a complex number by specifing a real number and an imaginary number.
* list - sequence type that stores ordered, changeable, and duplicate items.
* tuple - sequence type that stores multiple items that are ordered, unchangeable and duplicate.
* set - set type that stores unordered, unchangeable and don't allow duplicates.
* dict - mapping type that stores ordered, changeable, and don't allow duplicates. Stores data in key - value pairs.
* range - sequence type returns a sequence of numbers.

# 2.3. Syntactic Sugar 

Similar to C, Python also supports syntactic sugar, although only the expression counter 
`+= 1.`
